Update user monitoring sdk functions on php (#31725)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/how-it-works/add-user-info.md

?>
```
{{% /collapse-content %}}

#### Migrating to the new login success and failure methods

The new methods in `\datadog\appsec\v2\` namespace introduce a more intuitive parameter order and clearer separation of concerns. Here are the key changes:

1. The login identifier (email, username) is the first parameter and is mandatory.
2. The user array/ID is optional in success events and has been removed from failure events.
3. Metadata has been simplified and no longer requires the `usr.login` field.

**Note**: the legacy methods `\datadog\appsec\track_user_login_success_event` and `\datadog\appsec\track_user_login_failure_event` are deprecated in favor of the new methods `\datadog\appsec\v2\track_user_login_success` and `\datadog\appsec\v2\track_user_login_failure`, respectively.

In the following example, the commented code is no longer necessary.

{{% collapse-content title="Login success" level="h4" expanded="true" %}}
```php
<?php
// in a controller:
$user = [
    'id' => 'user-id', // id is mandatory. If no ID is available, any unique identifier works (username, email...)
    'email' => 'user@email.com' // other fields are optional

> ]; // same as before, but now the array is optional. Providing a user ID will nonetheless help with post-compromised activity correlation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
]; // same as before, but now the array is optional. Providing a user ID nonetheless helps with post-compromised activity correlation
```
